Azure Cognitive Search - TOC fix, landing page corrections (#1230)
Azure/azure-docs-sdk-dotnet: api/overview/azure/search.md

## Libraries for data access

After an Azure Cognitive Search resource is created and configured, use data access libraries to create and consume search objects in client applications.

### Version 11

> The **`Azure.Search.Documents`** is a new client library  for .NET developers who want to use search technology in their applications. This version is functionally equivalent to the v10 legacy client library, but takes dependencies on **`Azure.Core`** and **`System.Text.Json`** to provide a standard approach for service configuration, authentication, document serialization, and other tasks.

Reviewer: The version that's available right now isn't actually "functionally equivalent" yet, but the August release should be. Do we want to delay publishing this a bit, or put a footnote here or something?

CC @tg-msft @heaths for their opinions

Author: Neither v10 nor v11 have knowledge store, but they do have skillsets.  Both target 2019-05-06 REST API.  In that regard, I see them as functionally equivalent.  In August, v11 will be ahead when it adds kstore support (and thus targets 2020-06-30).  I can change the wording then?

Use the **`Azure.Search.Documents`** library when creating new projects that use Azure Cognitive Search objects. Moving forward, all new features and enhancements will roll out here.

|    Library    |    Reference    |    Package    |    Source    |
|---------------|-----------------|----------------|-------------|
| Azure.Search.Documents | [Reference](/dotnet/api/azure.search.documents) | [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Search.Documents/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/search/Azure.Search.Documents) |

There is only one package and one client library for this version.

If you have existing search applications that call the v10 legacy libraries, be aware that this version has different clients, namespaces, and class names. You will need to migrate existing code to use the new library. When reviewing code samples and content, be sure to check for the namespace (`using Azure.Search.Documents;`) to confirm whether the v11 client library is demonstrated.

### Version 10 (legacy)

> Use **`Microsoft.Azure.Search`** libraries to maintain existing solutions. This version is fully supported, but with the exception of bug fixes, no further updates are planned for this library. For an introduction, see [How to use Microsoft.Azure.Search (v10)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/search/search-howto-dotnet-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **`Microsoft.Azure.Search`** libraries to maintain existing solutions. This version is still supported for now, but with the exception of security hotfixes, no further updates are planned for this library. For an introduction, see [How to use Microsoft.Azure.Search (v10)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/search/search-howto-dotnet-sdk).

```

Reviewer: It's important that we don't overcommit here.

### Version 10 (legacy)

> Use **`Microsoft.Azure.Search`** libraries to maintain existing solutions. This version is fully supported for now, but with the exception of security hot fixes, no further updates are planned for this library. For an introduction, see [How to use Microsoft.Azure.Search (v10)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/search/search-howto-dotnet-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use **`Microsoft.Azure.Search`** libraries to maintain existing solutions. This version is supported for now, but with the exception of security hotfixes, no further updates are planned for this library. For an introduction, see [How to use Microsoft.Azure.Search (v10)](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/search/search-howto-dotnet-sdk).

```

Reviewer: "Fully" says more than it should; "hotfix" is one word
